cloud: add Premium Request Capacity Unit (RCU) doc (#22810)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md

### Request Capacity Unit (RCU)

For {{{ .essential }}} and {{{ .premium }}}, a Request Capacity Unit (RCU) is a unit of measure used to represent the provisioned compute capacity for your {{{ .essential }}} or {{{ .premium }}} instance. One RCU provides a fixed amount of compute resources that can process a certain number of RUs per second. The number of RCUs you provision determines the baseline performance and throughput capacity of your instance. However, the way RCUs are managed differs between {{{ .essential }}} and {{{ .premium }}}:

- {{{ .essential }}} automatically provisions RCUs based on your workload. As your QPS increases, TiDB Cloud dynamically scales up the provisioned RCUs to maintain performance. For more information, see [{{{ .essential }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-essential-pricing-details/).

> - {{{ .premium }}} lets you specify the maximum RCU (`RCU_max`) for your workload. TiDB Cloud automatically scales capacity within the range of `0.25 * RCU_max` to `RCU_max` based on real-time demand. For more information, see [Request units and capacity in {{{ .premium }}}](/tidb-cloud/architecture-concepts.md#request-units-and-capacity-in-premium).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{{ .premium }}} lets you specify the maximum number of RCUs (`RCU_max`) for your workload. TiDB Cloud automatically scales capacity within the range of `0.25 * RCU_max` to `RCU_max` based on real-time demand. For more information, see [Request units and capacity in {{{ .premium }}}](/tidb-cloud/architecture-concepts.md#request-units-and-capacity-in-premium).
```

### Request Unit (RU)

> For {{{ .starter }}}, Essential, and Premium, a Request Unit (RU) is a unit of measure used to represent the amount of resources consumed by a single request to the database. The amount of RUs consumed by a request depends on various factors, such as the operation type or the amount of data being retrieved or modified. However, the billing models for these plans are different:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {{{ .starter }}}, Essential, and Premium, a Request Unit (RU) is a unit of measure used to represent the amount of resources consumed by a single request to the database. The amount of RUs consumed by a request depends on various factors, such as the operation type and the amount of data being retrieved or modified. However, the billing models for these plans are different:
```

- {{{ .starter }}} is billed based on the total number of RUs consumed. For more information, see [{{{ .starter }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-starter-pricing-details/).
- {{{ .essential }}} is billed based on the number of provisioned [Request Capacity Units (RCUs)](#request-capacity-unit-rcu). One RCU provides a fixed amount of compute resources that can process a certain number of RUs-per-second. For more information, see [{{{ .essential }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-essential-pricing-details/).

> - {{{ .premium }}} is billed based on the actual RUs consumed by your workload. TiDB Cloud calculates the average RUs per second every minute and converts the value to [Request Capacity Units (RCUs)](#request-capacity-unit-rcu) for billing. For more information, see [Request units and capacity in {{{ .premium }}}](/tidb-cloud/architecture-concepts.md#request-units-and-capacity-in-premium).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{{ .premium }}} is billed based on the actual Request Capacity Unit (RCU) consumed by your workload. TiDB Cloud calculates the average RUs per second every minute and uses the average value as [Request Capacity Units (RCUs)](#request-capacity-unit-rcu) for billing. For more information, see [Request units and capacity in {{{ .premium }}}](/tidb-cloud/architecture-concepts.md#request-units-and-capacity-in-premium).
```
